hello it's Ruby and welcome back to
another university vlog so this is
marking my first week back at accident
and today is my first day of lack tips
this video is very kindly sponsored by
the University of Exeter and I'm really
enjoying my time here as a university I
would genuinely recommend of course most
people are quite biased in favor of the
universities and I'm really no different
I love exercising it's a great city it's
actually 12 o'clock at the moment and
the reason I'm vlogging so late is
because I was actually at home this
morning
that's because over the weekend I went
to see a musical Adrian Mole which was
stereos on what we know and I only just
got back and so now I'm going to show
you from the beginning of the video when
I actually started
[Music]
for breakfast I had this amazing
raspberry and rhubarb jam with pecans on
taste I just made a few template so I
made a weekly schedule template and also
this reading template so that when I did
readings for university I could just
write the key information into the
template which I made and I also had
some public and productivity work to do
which is what I was doing here then I
downloaded some readings which I could
do on the train later and I also had
these two Highness journals which I
wanted to send to two teachers at school
so I just packaged these up and wrote a
little message in each
and then I went downstairs to see the
dogs and go outside I just spent some
time you know being really present in
nature and being really aware of the
coming season I'm someone who really
loves nature and greenery and infantry
and actually that's one of my favorite
things about studying at Exeter because
it is very free there are little trees
[Music]
and then I got on the train so I had two
trains and on the first train I decided
to read
[Music]
and then on the second train I did some
readings these were some which we would
have to do after today's lecture so I
just decided to get a head start
and get these done and then I went
through my x2 emails and I emailed my
personal tutor and basically asked if I
could organize a meeting with her
[Music]
and then I did some more readings
which brings us back to right now in my
university room I actually love my
university you're in this year it's a
little bit messy because I left in a bit
of a rush a little bit sad that I need
to wash up i rinsed it before I left but
I didn't actually use washing up liquid
and I also need to unpack from my short
procedure as I said I just wanted to
tidy up my room as you can see it is a
little bit of a state especially the box
of rubbish which is sitting on my basket
[Music]
and then I decided to quickly go and do
the washing up and also make myself some
lunch
[Music]
I just went through out of milk which is
basically and only you can keep track of
all of the food that you've got in and I
went through the cupboards and my basic
features thought I wanted to buy so
these are the things that I want to pick
up when I come back from that choice I
also just as some YouTube admin I just
edited some thumbnails now I want to do
a quick meal plan before my lecture and
pattern of course in classical music
whilst I do say I keep this ongoing list
of recipes I want to try so I was
looking through this to get ideas for
what I wanted to put on my meal plan a
meal plan is really really useful
because it means that you don't get too
much food in and nothing goes off
especially with fresh produce I've just
been looking through my module pages for
each of the modules that I'm doing this
year I also received an email back for
my personal tutor literally so quickly
but she replied with in like half an
hour so she said that she would meet
with me today but ice will be Marty late
so she's not actually free for the rest
of the day so instead I am hoping that
I'll be able to meet with her tomorrow
yeah I'm just basically looking at the
module pages to look through the
powerpoints for the first lectures I'm
doing to body and mind what was this
year and I keep on forgetting which ones
this term or which ones next turn
[Music]
as I said I was just looking through the
module pages here and then I decided to
do another reading this is so
predictable I'm just doing loads of
readings but for the subjects I studied
there is lots and lots of this so then I
just packed my bag I was planning on
going to the gym afterwards so I put all
of my gym stuff in there as well
and it was raining so much this day it
was actually the first day of autumn so
I had to wear my rain hat and I
initially left without a raincoat but I
got about ten steps outside and I
realized that I needed one so this is me
in my lap I didn't film that much
because I don't really like to film in
lectures and after my lecture I decided
to go straight to this ball park so I
signed up for my membership I've got a
pay-as-you-go membership which is really
good if you're not sure how much you're
going to be using the gym and I went on
the cross trainer I went on the
treadmill cycling and then I went on the
mats and rolled out my muscles did some
stretching and also some sit-ups and
things
[Music]
okay it's now nearly seven o'clock I was
in the gym for just under an hour
I haven't properly exercised in ages it
feels like
I thought I'd also just update you on
how my first lecture went it was really
good fun it was my only theology module
at the top and this module was really
really good fun
it was the encountering the historical
Jesus module and I really loved the
lecture for this module she's really
enthusiastic and she refers a lot to
things in current discourse and the
modern world and why what we're learning
is really relevant particularly in
political sense actually and in terms of
marginalized groups so I love her
lecturing style and I'm really excited
for this module and to see what it holds
I'm actually now just heading number one
to the library to pick up some books for
this module and then I'm gonna go to the
marketplace and pick up a few bits as I
said next I went to the library so I
made lists in my lecture of books that
the lecturer merchants earned so when I
went to the library I wanted to get
these out so I just searched the
catalogue to see where they were and
whether they were available
[Music]
and here is it I found the book but in
the very south I also found another
Tuvix which were very random and I will
say went some T the literary criticism
suction and like you got T books on
history criticism of Herman Melville who
cares I always love to go to the
literature section in the library and
these are all of the books that I
decided to get I can never leave with
just one book from this library
[Music]
and then I went to the marketplace the
only thing I bought in the market place
was actually these vegan jammie Dodgers
which looked amazing and then I went to
the co-op to get the other pets
I went co-op but they were very very low
stocks on fresh stuff so I got a few
little bits for my dinner tonight but
not really enough for a curry which is
what I was aiming to go for I wanted to
go for a category they had new classes
[Music]
so then I decided to make my dinner I
was gonna make it into Acharya but it
just turned out as a medley of
vegetables which is not a bad thing it
was really really delicious and I just
had it with some pita bread
[Music]
you
and then I did the washing up
I really love to use our water bottle
every night so after that I just went
and filled up my hot water bottle and
also a mug with boiling water so I could
have some tea
[Music]
and with my deferment TI decided to try
one of the vegan jammie Dodgers which
was amazing the shortbread was just so
perfect so crumbly then the next thing I
needed to do is just mark these quiz
questions from the Harry Potter pub quiz
which we had so I offered to take all of
these back and basically you find the
winner so I went through marked each of
the three rounds and again this is
because I impart the variable to society
committee I'm really enjoying the on
committee so far
and then when I had finished with that I
got into bed and I decided to watch half
an episode of armed with an e before
reading so that was my day in the life
at AXA town my first day of lectures I
hope that you enjoyed watching this
video thank you again to the University
of Exeter for sponsoring today's video
and I hope that you have a productive
[Music]
you